General Meeting
-Went over current design of what we think the dispenser will look like with all of its connections.
-Q: Does the motor driver for the stepper motor work with MachXOLF - Nathalie will take care of this Q
-Reached a consenus on availible meeting times for coming tuesday(2/5) and WK 6 for meeting with Rahul (2/13 or 2/15) - Jennifer will send email to Advisor regarding this
-Simulink/Mathlab issues is in progress, Nathalie updated Advisor on license issues
-Small candy machine model being made by Calob to show in meeting with Rahul and there's a better visual of our ideas.
-Make a PowerPoint Presentation to show Rahul of our Progress and work done so far. And current understanding. Jiawen will make the lvl 1 & 0 diagrams for PP. 
-Need to try license trial to see if that fixes possible license issues. ->checked, didn't work 

